i
this bike is different from all and not only
for its design ktm has made a super
bikes without concessions prepared and view
just to run although there's no
problem to give it a sporting use for
road the seat is hard
the rigid chassis and its life holes note
that comfort is not the important thing in
a motorcycle like this we try it for
road but
nothing better than the asphalt of a good
circuit to calm the cravings to this
beast
As I said this motorcycle is different to
all has something special this motorcycle
He brought his pilots sensations like the
aggressive dark days
you have to forget about logic is not a
motorcycle of emotions just to enjoy
forget about the banalities of the day to
day against has everything that is
need to enjoy pilots
the footpegs like the white ones
feet the seat and the handlebar are
adjustable as the swingarm of
alloy that is adjustable by a
eccentric
like all ktm is a motorbike honda
both the footrests and a seat
They are very ando with investment
body and manager on the front wheel
this together with an excellent rigid chassis
multitubular confer to the motorcycle a
Curve entry quick and very visit
accurate
the shock absorber and fork vp
fully adjustable work to the
perfection the brakes are brembo of the
maximum quality and the tires are
Marchesín and foundry all
set stays at 186 kilos without
gasoline pushed by an engine with a
amazing touch the lc 8 bicilíndrico of
thousand 190 cubic centimeters delivery 175
horsepower but what different
the oxidant of this engine is how we
delivery
hit without hesitation the touch of the gas
At that moment, the regime of the
engine
to the traction water service
shine and leaves the curves with a lot
force
if this bike is different and also what
is due to the fact that it does not have any
type of electronic help control
reaction and abs or control nothing the
ideal machine to experience the
Always riding you and the bike without
interferences through and with a
smile from ear to ear
and so much has gone up to her vibrates everything
your body and you get into the rhythm
the two-cylinder that push this act in
the control and the speed with which
face more curves everything pushes you to
want more and more
the ktm has come out a superbike fair
how do all of them ready to run